# Can-design-thinking-enhance-leadership-qualities-in-women-entrepreneurs-

In a business strategy, if you incorporate design thinking, it forms a safe, empowering work environment, and the way of communication qualifies leaders to engross their teams in the direction where the sum of the parts creates rapid change for the organization. The design thinking abilities can boost women's leadership skills by using the conventional and user-centric technique, which outspreads itself well to the cooperative and communicative method and leanings of women leaders. <br>
How does design thinking help in leveraging the business? <br>
Women entrepreneurs and leaders should be vested to consider leveraging design thinking abilities as they aim to evolve their businesses with the advanced procedure. Therefore, just by supporting and nurturing their employees, they serve their best to the clients and customers by developing products and services centered on end-users. In the end, design thinking abilities can help women entrepreneurs and leaders design better environments for themselves, their employees, and drive their business. <br>
The importance of design thinking in business incorporates various stages of design thinking. The different stages require care, connection, and commitment. There are five stages to solving problems using Design Thinking : <br>
– Framing the problem <br>
– Empathy walk <br>
– Drawing insights <br>
– Framing new ideas <br>
– Developing solutions <br>
These are the five most significant phases to get successful designer thinking results and to achieve substantial breakthroughs. <br>
The women entrepreneurs can incorporate design thinking for business strategy by identifying their existing and future clients. To know the customers in a better way, they can also conduct some research. The study will help them understand their certainty before interacting with them throughout the interaction and interaction. And once this is done. After this, they will be able to propose solutions with their design thinking abilities so that their business can get the best outcomes and can respond more effectively to the customer's certainty. If the upcoming entrepreneurs absorb these simple design thinking abilities, they will get innovative keys that would differentiate them from the others, which means their businesses will flourish. <br>
Innovation or advancement is essential for entrepreneurs who want to change the world. And as an outcome of this importance of design thinking in business and innovation in entrepreneurship, have a considerable place set aside in all startup enthusiasts, visionaries, and trendsetters. <br>
Design thinking for business strategy starts with the customers as it is all about knowing the customers well. What else they need? Where are the customers from? What are they attracted to or bothered about? <br>
And to achieve that, the <a href="https://www.empoweress.in/leadership-management/design-thinking-basics-for-entrepreneurs/">design thinking abilities</a> should be formed with the help of policy and program and take a gendered lens to splendidly design programs and procedures so that the entire organizations drive better outcomes with advanced equality. <br>
Design Thinking ability is a versatile and proven protocol for innovation to solve and discover new opportunities in any area. The approach of this ability is the overarching premise "human-centered" or people-oriented. The most innovative solutions emerge from a deep emotional understanding of people's actual needs. <br>
